Ajout des fondations pour la création du site Monofony (#2)
Monofony/website: README.md

> # M is For Mono - Sylius Marketplace Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Monofony official website
```

> This is a simple repository for the website dedicated to our Sylius Marketplace Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simple repository for the website dedicated to Monofony.
```

## Why?

OSS FTW \o/

## Installation

- Clone this project
- Profit!

## Usage

```
./configure --help
usage: ./configure [options]

options:
  --env=<env>: current env (dev|labo|prod)
  --with-docker: enable docker
  --with-proxy: add proxy to docker
  --clean-before-tasks: remove build files

All invalid options are silently ignored!
```

## Contributing

See the [CONTRIBUTING](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## Code of conduct

Be nice and take a look on our [CODE OF CONDUCT](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Support

This project is open source and this is our [support rules](.github/SUPPORT.md).

## License

This project is licensed under MIT.

## Credits

> Created by [Alexandre Balmes](https://alexandre.balmes.co).

Reviewer: You can replace this by your name
